# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

ProxyState and private functions and variables is very cool. I'm still getting the hang of it but I think I'm beginning to see the pattern and how useful it can be to organize your program this way. 

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

The `this` thing is powerful, but you need to be sure to use it in the same location as what you're trying to capture with `this`. For example, creating a function in a model, so you can say `this.id == t.listId` in a filter method. 

- What are you struggling with?

Still learning the overall MVC pattern and ProxyState. I tried to extend my taskMaster functionality with a custom award system for when you finish all your tasks, but I couldn't figure out how to tie the "totalTasks / totalComplete" countTasks() function, I think I need to utilize ProxyState somehow but not totally sure on what that looks like. 

- What would you count as a victory?

I think I hit all the requirements for the checkpoint pretty quickly, so I don't know if I could reproduce the MVC pattern from memory but I think I am starting to understand the different purposes for having models, controllers, and services. 